(A) Steps property -  Feedback Hooks:
-------------------------------------
I don't even know if this possible. The general idea here is when one performs a step within the recipe, it would be nice to have some sort of means to get
confirmation from the user performing the step beyond your typical 'Have you completed the step? Yes/No'.

What if one of the steps were to setup an IO device, and then a feedback hook could be defined where the IO device send some input command to an
event listener within the app?

Or that they use the items in the current step to write to a text file, and the app detects when that happens, reads the file parses it and evaluates the text
to see if it matches the valid response/requirements in that step for that recipe.

This I imagine would be an optional setting they can toggle to allow for "Step Validation". They should be able to turn it off/on at any time during a recipe.

Realistically, there'd be so much that can be done, but I think simple IO operations of server connections could be possible. Will need to mention it to
the guys when I get a chance

One thing we could do is develop IoT devices that we could provide to users, where that IoT devices sole purpose is to validate steps within a recipe. I
can't assess the value of this idea now because no one knows what this field will turn into, but imagine if this recipe engine was transported to
the culinary app, and one developed sensors to measure the temperature of water boiling in a step, to ensure that the right heat temperature is met for that step,
 or some sort of peripheral that could measure depth of liquid within a bowl to ensure that the right quantity of milk is provided for the Alfredo sauce
 recipe.

 As long as users provide the criteria and requirements for every IoT recipe they create in a specific format, we could tie them into the above mentioned IoT
 devices and have them validate steps within a recipe themselves, rather than have the user indicate when a step has been accomplished. An easy one to do
 would be anything time based. We could start to explore that area and see how that could work.


(B) General property - Estimated Monetary Cost
----------------------------------------------
We'll associate a price with every ingredient. This price against the quantity of all ingredients will roll up to this estimate.


(C) General property - Author Recommendations
----------------------------------------------
Author recommendations are just general comments the author associates with a recipe to provide advice on ways to attempt making the recipe.


(D) Cooking property - Step Validation
----------------------------------------------
This ties into feedback hooks from above. It's a toggle that allows you to turn on feedback hooks. You'll be able to turn it on/off for the whole recipe for for each step


(E) Events property
----------------------------------------------
All the events that should happen for each step within the recipe.